                                  CODE OF STATE

APPLICATION. (§ 8-2061)

Any person owning or proposing to construct any private utility line or system
inside or outside the corporate limits of the City which it is desired to have
connected with the public utility lines and systems of the City shall make
written application for permission to make such connections, upon forms
furnished by the Director of Public Utilities. Applications will be received and
acted upon in accordance with the provisions of this article. The application
must contain a preliminary utility plan which shall be prepared by a
professional engineer registered to practice in the State of North Carolina. The
application must also be accompanied by a map made by a professional engineer or
registered land surveyor authorized to practice in the State, which map shall
show accurately the property to be served with water and/or sewer service, and,
if within any real estate development or subdivision, the map shall show the
property lines and subdivision of lots and the layout of streets therein. When
the private utility lines or systems are to be laid and constructed within any
subdivision, such subdivision and the map thereof showing the property lines and
subdivision of lots and the layout of streets must have been duly approved in
accordance with Chapter 3, Part 10 of this Code before the approval of any
application for permission to make connections with the utility system of the
City. Fees of two hundred dollars ($200.00) for main extensions and three
hundred dollars ($300.00) for pump stations permits will be paid by the
developer at the time engineering plans are submitted for review. 
(Ord. No. 1985-543, §25, 4-16-85; Ord. No. 1986-778, §1, 5-6-86; Ord. No.
1991-781, §1, 5-21-91; Ord. No. 2002-196, §1, 5-7-02) 
State law reference: Utility construction plans and specifications, G.S. 89C-19.
