                                  CODE OF STATE

DISCONTINUANCE OF SERVICE BY CITY. (ยง 8-2073)

The City shall have the right to cut off the water and to discontinue the
furnishing of water and sewer services through the utility lines constructed and
dedicated pursuant to this article, at any time, without notice, whenever it
shall appear to the City in the sole and absolute discretion of the governing
body of the City that to continue to furnish water or sewer services to the
consumers along any of the lines would render the City unable to properly
furnish an adequate water supply or adequate sewer service for the use of its
consumers and citizens living within the corporate limits of the City, but in
such event, the City shall give the dedicators and the consumers an ample notice
of such intention to discontinue the water supply or sewer service, or both, as
the circumstances of the situation render practicable. The City specifically
does not and shall not agree or undertake or be required to furnish to the
dedicators or to any consumer along any of the utility lines constructed and
dedicated pursuant to this article and the Charter any stated or particular
pressure of water, and the City specifically does not and shall not agree to
furnish fire protection, nor shall there be any such responsibility. The City
shall not be liable to the dedicators or to any consumer or to any person for
any failure to supply water or for the character or quality of the water
supplied, or for any failure or inadequacy of sewer service. 
(Code 1959 , ยง23-24) 
State law reference: Discontinuance of service for nonpayment, G.S. 160A-214.
