                                  CODE OF STATE

PAYMENT OF FEES AND CHARGES. (ยง 8-2011)

Any person using the utility system shall pay all required permits, fees, and
charges as required by laws, ordinances, and resolutions. 
Prior to a customer receiving potable water and/or sanitary sewer service from
the City&#8217;s utility system, an application for service must be received by
the City&#8217;s Utility Billing Office. For new customer accounts, this service
application is received in the form of a utility connection permit. For existing
utility system service accounts, customers must contact the Utility Billing
Office to close or initiate service in the new customer&#8217;s name. In order
to initiate service on a new account or to initiate service on an existing
account in the name of a new customer, an initiation fee must be billed to the
customer and collected by the City in the customer&#8217;s first utility bill
mailed to the customer. Failure of the customer to pay the full amount of the
initiation fee will be treated in the same manner as the utility bill being past
due. 
A utility service initiation fee will be established by City Council and kept on
record in the Schedule of Fees and Charges kept in the office of the Finance
Director. This fee shall be billed by the City Utility Billing office as
described in this section. The City&#8217;s utility system customers are
required to pay for their utility service by a date specified on their utility
system bill. Failure to pay their bill by this date will result in the addition
of a delinquency fee added to the amount past due on their utility bill. The
delinquency fee and the past due utility bill amount must be paid in full to the
City, in order for the customer&#8217;s utility account to be considered
current. Failure of the customer to pay the full amount of the delinquency fee
will be treated in the same manner as the utility bill being past due for the
customer&#8217;s next utility bill and grounds for utility service interruption
by the City, if not paid in full in the subsequent utility bill. 
(Ord. No. 1985-543, ยง11, 4-16-85; Ord. No. 2003-461, ยง1, 6-17-03; Ord. No.
2009-608, ยง6, 6-16-09, eff. 12-1-09)
