                                  CODE OF STATE

REIMBURSEMENT CONTRACT; TERMS. (§ 8-2095)

(a) Under any reimbursement contract entered into involving a major main
extension, properties within designated acreage fee areas shall be charged the
standard City acreage fee provided in §§8-2092 and 8-2093 at the time service
connection is applied for in accordance with §10-6081(e). As these acreage fees
are collected by the City, eighty-seven (87) per cent of the funds shall be
assigned to the same acreage fee area they were collected from in order to allow
reimbursement of contract developers of major mains installed within that same
acreage fee area. Opportunity for reimbursement payments shall be limited to a
maximum period of ten (10) years from the date of acceptance of the improvements
by the City, as noted in the reimbursement contract, and no longer.

(b) If more than one (1) extension of a major main or mains have been made,
reimbursed acreage fees shall be paid to the developers making such extensions
in the order that the reimbursement contracts are signed. The first contract
developer must be fully reimbursed to the extent allowed by this article or the
maximum ten-year limitation have elapsed before any subsequent contract
developers receive any reimbursement.

(c) Beginning on the second anniversary date of reimbursement contracts, the
remaining contract balance shall be adjusted to the same proportionate extent
the City acreage fees were adjusted in the most immediately prior June.
Adjustments shall not be compounded, and the actual contracted reimbursable cost
of the installations shall be fully paid prior to the payment of any
adjustments. 
(Ord. No. 1984-338, §§9—11, 4-17-84; Ord. No. 1985-543, §30, 4-16-85) 
Editor&#8217;s note: Reimbursements for oversized utility lines are found in
Standard Operating Procedure No. 700-6, major mains, §7.2 et seq.
