                                  CODE OF STATE

REPORTS OF POTENTIAL PROBLEMS. (ยง 8-2133)

(a) In the case of any discharge, including, but not limited to, accidental
discharges, discharges of a non-routine, episodic nature, a non-customary batch
discharge, or a slug load as defined in 8-2112 of this article, that may cause
potential problems for the POTW, the user shall immediately telephone and notify
the POTW Director of the incident. This notification shall include the location
of the discharge, type of waste, concentration and volume, if known, and
corrective actions taken by the user.

(b) Within five (5) days following such discharge, the user shall, unless waived
by the POTW Director, submit a detailed written report describing the cause(s)
of the discharge and the measures to be taken by the user to prevent similar
future occurrences. Such notification shall not relieve the user of any expense,
loss, damage, or other liability which may be incurred as a result of damage to
the POTW, natural resources, or any other damage to person or property; nor
shall such notification relieve the user of any fines, penalties, or other
liability which may be imposed pursuant to this article.

(c) A notice shall be permanently posted on the user&#8217;s bulletin board or
other prominent place advising employees whom to call in the event of a
discharge described in subsection (a) above. Employers shall ensure that all
employees, who may cause such a discharge to occur, are advised of the emergency
notification procedure.

(d) All SIUs are required to notify the POTW immediately of any changes at its
facility affecting the potential for spills and other accidental discharges,
discharges of a non-routine, episodic nature, a non-customary batch discharge,
or a slug load as defined in ยง8-2112 of this article. 
(Ord. No. 2011-981, ยง1, 12-6-11)
