                                  CODE OF STATE

INSTALLATION OF CONTAINMENT DEVICES. (ยง 8-2149)

(a) The containment devices shall be located off street right-of-way on the
water main side of any plumbing connections. When installed in a building, the
device shall be located on the service line immediately after its entrance into
the building. Each containment and confinement device shall be installed in a
location which is physically accessible for inspection and testing as determined
by the cross connection coordinator. Containment devices which have been buried
in the ground do not satisfy the provisions of this Code. Each reduced pressure
principal zone device is unlikely as determined by the cross connection
coordinator.

(b) The Director of Public Utilities shall maintain a list of approved
manufacturers and models of hazard containment devices and drawings of standard
installations, copies to be made available through the office of the Director of
Public Utilities and the Chief Inspector&#8217;s office. All reduced pressure
zone principle backflow prevention devices and double check valve backflow
prevention devices shall be approved by the Foundation for Cross Connection
Control and Hydraulic Research. All vacuum breaks and dual check valve devices
shall be approved by the American Society for Sanitary Engineers. All
installations and materials shall conform to City standards as set by the
Director of Public Utilities.

(c) In those cases in which containment and/or confinement devices have been
previously installed by prior owners, the City, or other parties, the
responsibility for maintenance, testing, and replacement as applicable shall be
with the consumer.

(d) The cost of said means of containment, and any other plumbing modifications
necessary and convenient thereto, and the testing and maintenance thereof, is to
be paid for by the consumer. 
(Ord. No. 1987-20, ยง1, 7-21-87)
