                                  CODE OF STATE

OTHER CONNECTIONS. (§ 8-2148)

(a) Services to single-family residential units, not otherwise required by this
Code to have other containment devices, may have a containment device in the
form of an approved dual check valve. On all such services for which meters are
applied more than ninety (90) days following the date of adoption of this
article, said dual check valves or other containment devices as required shall
be installed by the owner&#8217;s representative prior to the installation of
the meter by the Department of Public Utilities. On all such services for which
meters have been applied prior to that date, said dual check valve shall be
installed by the Department of Public Utilities, provided that the City reserves
the right to charge the owner or occupant of any residence for the cost of said
device and its installation. Maintenance of dual check valve containment devices
installed in accordance with this section shall be conducted by the Department
of Public Utilities. Testable containment devices that are required on lawn
irrigation water systems and must be tested every three (3) years by a
contractor that has been approved by the City of Raleigh.

(b) All other connections to the public water supply of the City of Raleigh
shall have containment devices in the form of a double check valve backflow
prevention device as set forth in §8-2149 of this Code. This shall include
water mains installed to City standard, and with City supervision, but which are
not maintained by the City, pursuant to §8-2007, including but not limited to
manufactured home parks, apartments, group housing projects, and other private
distribution systems, or similar hazard potential as determined by the Director
of Public Utilities, or his authorized representative. Private distribution
systems [shall be] configured so as to provide looped mains, with two (2) or
more containment devices on each building water service connection and at
dead-end branch mains. 
(Ord. No. 1987-20, §1, 7-21-87; Ord. No. 1992-3, §5, 7-7-92; Ord. No.
1998-421, §1, 10-6-98; Ord. No. 2000-734-TC-189, TC-2-00, §1, 2-15-00) 
Editor&#8217;s note: Section 5 of Ord. No. 1992-3, adopted July 7, 1992, amended
a nonexistent §8-2148(6). The editor has included the amendment as the final
sentence of subsection (b), adding the text in brackets [] for grammatical
correction.
