                                  CODE OF STATE

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE CITY ATTORNEY. (ยง I-V-5.6)

It shall be the duty of the City Attorney to prosecute and to defend all
suits-at-law or in equity in which the City of Raleigh may become the plaintiff
or defendant in any such suit; to render advisory opinions to the Mayor, the
City Council, the City Manager, and the heads of the various departments of the
City, provided that such request for advice be made in writing and signed by the
person requesting said advice; and it shall be his duty, when required to do so,
to attend the meetings of the City Council and to prepare such deeds, contracts,
bonds and other legal papers as may be required for the City&#8217;s business,
and to perform such other services of a legal nature as required by the City
Council. The City Council may also appoint one (1) or more Associate City
Attorneys whose compensation shall be fixed by the Council and who shall serve
at the pleasure of the Council; it shall be the duty of the Associate City
Attorneys to assist the City Attorney as required by the City Attorney or by the
City Council. It shall be the duty of the City Attorney and the Associate City
Attorneys to institute and handle all civil actions and proceedings required for
the foreclosure of liens against real estate on account of delinquent taxes
and/or assessments for special improvements, when requested to take such action
by the City Tax Collector or by the City Council. The City Council shall have
power and authority to employ additional counsel in special cases when
considered expedient by a majority of the City Council. 
(S.L. 1973, Ch. 319, ยง1(p))
