                                  CODE OF STATE

DUTIES OF CITY CLERK. (ยง I-V-5.3)

The City Clerk shall act as Clerk of the City Council and it shall be his or her
duty to attend each meeting of the City Council and to keep the minutes and
records of all the proceedings of the Council in well-bound books provided for
that purpose, and to preserve all books, papers and writings of all kinds
submitted to his or her care during his or her continuance in office, and
deliver them to his or her successor; the City Clerk shall be custodian of all
written claims and demands made upon the City arising out of tort actions, the
City Clerk shall be the custodian of all signed petitions with reference to
public improvements, condemnation proceedings and all contracts made and entered
into by the City and of all notices and affidavits of publishers with reference
to publication of ordinances, budgets, or other legal advertisements required to
be made by the City; the City Clerk shall be the custodian of the official
corporate seal of the City of Raleigh and shall attest and affix said official
seal to all documents or instruments of the City required to be so attested and
sealed; he or she shall be custodian of all bonds required by ordinance,
contract or by law to be executed and deposited with the City; he or she shall
be the custodian of all deeds or conveyances of all types made to the City, and
it shall be his or [her] duty to file with the Register of Deeds of Wake County
for the purpose of being recorded in the Registry of Wake County; and the City
Clerk shall account and pay over all moneys which may come into his or her hands
by virtue of his or her office; and the City Clerk shall perform such other
duties as may be required by law or by the City Council. 
(S.L. 1975, Ch. 561, ยง2)
