                                  CODE OF STATE

CIVIL ACTIONS AGAINST CITY; NOTICE TO CITY COUNCIL BEFORE BRINGING SUIT. (ยง
I-VII-7.1)

(a) No action shall be instituted or maintained against the City of Raleigh upon
any claim or demand whatsoever, of any kind or character, until the claimant
shall have first presented his or her claim or demand in writing to the City
Council, who shall have declined to pay or settle the same as presented or for
ten days after such presentation neglected to enter or cause to be entered upon
its minutes its determination in regard thereto; but nothing herein contained
shall be construed to prevent any statute of limitation from commencing to run
at the time such claim accrued or demand arose, or in any manner interfere with
its running.

(b) No action for damages against the City of any character whatever, to either
person or property, real or personal, including damages for the taking and/or
appropriation of private property of any kind, shall be instituted against the
City of Raleigh, unless within ninety days after the happening, or the
infliction of injury or damage to person or property, or the taking or
appropriation of property, or other act of the City complained of, the
complainant, his executors or administrators, shall have given notice in writing
to the City Council of the City of Raleigh of such injury, damage, taking,
appropriation, or other act complained of, stating in such notice the date and
place of such injury or damage, the taking and appropriation of property, the
manner of such infliction or other action complained of, the character of the
injury or damage, and the amount of damages claimed therefor; but this shall not
prevent any time of limitation prescribed by law from commencing to run at the
date of the happening of such injury or damage, taking or appropriation of
property, or other act complained of, or in any manner interfere with its
running.
