                                  CODE OF STATE

POWERS AND DUTIES OF DIRECTOR OF PUBLIC SAFETY. (ยง I-VI-6.20)

(a) The Director of Public Safety shall have charge of the police force, subject
to the supervision and direction of the City Manager, and shall have power to
temporarily supplant the Chief of Police and take charge of the department, and
shall at all times have power to give direction to the officers and employees in
the Police Department, and his direction shall be binding upon all such officers
and employees.

(b) He shall have charge of the police stations, jails, and property and
apparatus connected therewith, including City ambulance and patrol wagons used
in connection with his department.

(c) He shall have supervision and control, subject to the supervision and
direction of the City Manager, of the Fire Department, of all firemen, officers
and employees therein or connected therewith, and of all fire stations, property
and apparatus used in connection with the Fire Department; and of the fire alarm
system, and all property and apparatus connected therewith.

(d) He shall have power to temporarily supersede the Chief of the Fire
Department, and his orders to said department and all employees therein shall be
binding upon said department.

(e) He shall be charged with the duty of enforcing all ordinances and
resolutions relating to traffic on the public streets, alleys, and public ways,
on and across railway lines, and through and over the cemetery ways, public
parks and other public places.

(f) He shall be charged with the duty of enforcing all laws, ordinances, and
others relating to public health and sanitation, and all health officers and
employees of the City shall be under his supervision. It shall be the duty of
the City Council to pass such ordinances, rules and regulations, and employ such
persons as necessary to preserve and protect public health. He shall be charged,
through his department, with the enforcement of all quarantine regulations, and
with suppressing and removing conditions on private property within the City
that are a menace to health or public safety. He shall coordinate his activities
referred to in this paragraph with the Chief Health Officer.

(g) He shall be authorized to enter upon private premises for the purpose of
discharging the duties imposed upon him, and he shall cause to be abated all
nuisances which may endanger or affect the health of the City, and generally do
all things, subject to the legislative control of the City Council, that may be
necessary and expedient for the promotion of health and the suppression of
disease.

(h) He shall perform all other services ordered by the City Council, or that may
be ordered by the City Council, not herein expressly conferred upon some other
department.
