                                  CODE OF STATE

DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC UTILITIES; CREATED; PERSONNEL; FUNCTION. (ยง I-VI-6.26)

(a) There is hereby created a Department of Public Utilities of the City of
Raleigh, which shall consist of a Director of Public Utilities, who shall be its
administrative head, and such other officers and employees as may be deemed
necessary by the City Council and whose salaries shall be fixed by the City
Council.

(b) The Director of Public Utilities shall have the management, and supervision
of, and shall be responsible for the proper operation and control of, the entire
waterworks system and sewerage system of the City of Raleigh, and any and all
other public utility systems which the City may lawfully acquire, construct,
maintain and operate.

(c) He shall have charge of the watersheds from which the City takes its supply
of water, pumping stations, pipe lines, filtering apparatus, and all other
things connected with or incident to the proper supply of water and the disposal
of sewage for the City of Raleigh. It shall be his duty to act for the City,
subject to the legislative control of the City Council, in securing all lands,
streams, and rights-of-way and easements connected with and necessary to the
supply of water and to the disposal of sewage for the City. He shall have
supervision and control of all buildings, grounds, and apparatus connected
therewith and incident to the furnishing of water for the City and the operation
of the sewerage system.

(d) He shall superintend the erection of water tanks, and laying of water lines
and sewer lines and the operation thereof.

(e) The Director of Public Utilities and the other officers and employees of the
department and of the various divisions thereof shall have such other powers and
duties and functions as may be provided and required by the City Council and as
may be otherwise provided by law.
