                                  CODE OF STATE

POWERS, DUTIES AND OBLIGATIONS OF CITY COLLECTOR OF REVENUE; SPECIFIC
ENUMERATION. (ยง I-VI-6.8)

(1) He shall collect ad valorem taxes on real and personal property, street
assessments, benefits assessed in condemnation proceedings, license privilege
taxes, poll taxes, auto license taxes, dog licenses, and all other taxes of any
nature or kind, privilege or otherwise required to be paid to the City of
Raleigh and not herein otherwise specifically required to be collected by some
other officer or department of the City of Raleigh. He shall keep a true and
accurate account thereof and shall allocate the moneys received by him to the
respective accounts designated in the levy of such tax assessments, and each day
render a detailed statement of such collection to the Treasurer of the City of
Raleigh accompanied by the duplicate bank deposit slip showing the deposit of
such funds in a depository, or depositories, designated by the City Council for
the deposit of such funds.

(2) He shall be the custodian of the tax books and records, together with all
tax sale certificates, street assessment books and records, and all moneys
coming into his hands, until the same have been duly deposited in the
depository, or depositories, named by the City Council.

(3) He shall issue under the rules and regulations of the City Council all
privilege licenses except those authorized to be issued by other officers or
departments of said City upon the payment of the license or privilege fee
required by the ordinances of the City of Raleigh.

(4) Possession of the tax list or scroll, after having been placed in the hands
of the City Collector of Revenue by the City Council, shall have the same force
and effect of a duly docketed judgment and of an execution against the real and
personal property of the persons charged with taxes on such list, and the
collector of revenue is authorized to make seizure under said tax list as fully
as if an execution issued from a court of competent jurisdiction, in the same
way and manner as the sheriff may levy and execute upon an execution issued to
him by a court of competent jurisdiction, and he shall, when necessary,
institute in the name of the City, garnishment proceedings for the purpose of
collection of taxes.
